README.md, before:

In this sample you will implement a grocery store cash register. Given a number of items you will be required to calculate the total bill. Items are priced a few of different ways:

A given price for each item, eg. Boxes of Cheerios are $6.99 each

A given price by weight, eg. Apples are $2.49 per pound

Items can be on sale, where you might receive bulk discounts, eg. Buy two get one free sales.

Coupons are also available to get money off the bill when the total amount is above a threshold, eg.$5 off when you spend $100 or more

The goal of this exercise is to evaluate your coding style and OO design skills. Please send us a zip file of all the source code and project files


Assumptions-

Create a Grocery-store - Point of sales system.

Connection to a backend so that # of items sold and quantity is persistent.

Because the goal of this exercise is to evaluate my coding style and OO design skills, i will assume that an administrative panel will be out of scope.

Mobile view is out of scope as unnecessary for a POS. Expect general view width to be roughly the size of a tablet.

Expect to be using a single measurement to weigh products. All products will be weighed using lb.

Commit message:

return # to be refunded on checkout

README.md, after:

In this sample you will implement a grocery store cash register. Given a number of items you will be required to calculate the total bill. Items are priced a few of different ways:

A given price for each item, eg. Boxes of Cheerios are $6.99 each

A given price by weight, eg. Apples are $2.49 per pound

Items can be on sale, where you might receive bulk discounts, eg. Buy two get one free sales.

Coupons are also available to get money off the bill when the total amount is above a threshold, eg.$5 off when you spend $100 or more

The goal of this exercise is to evaluate your coding style and OO design skills. Please send us a zip file of all the source code and project files


Assumptions-

Create a Grocery-store - Point of sales system.

Mobile view is out of scope as unnecessary for a POS. Expect general view width to be roughly the size of a tablet.

Expect to be using a single measurement to weigh products. All products will be weighed using lb.

A cash register infers that for the checkout: we enter the cost, the amount of money taken, and return the amount of change to return to the customer.
